= Blue Light Special

Blue Light Special is a derivative from Thoughtbot's 
{Clearance}[http://github.com/thoughtbot/clearance] gem.  It's a highly
opinionated starting point for many of our projects at Envy Labs.

In addition to the basic email and password authentication provided by
Clearance, a default Blue Light Special installation includes:

* optional support for authenticating with Facebook Connect, using {mini_fb}[http://github.com/appoxy/mini_fb]

* a simple role system with built-in support for admin users

* the ability for an admin to impersonate any other user

* use of {MadMimi}[http://madmimi.com/r/b8599b9343f82e3bc30984ca4f3fea3f] for sending notification emails

* {delayed_job}[http://github.com/tobi/delayed_job] for sending emails in the background
	
* a basic application layout and stylesheet

== Setup

After installing the Blue Light Special gem, require it in your Rails app and run
the blue_light_special generator.

In your config/environment.rb:

  config.gem 'blue_light_special'

Run the generators and migrate your database:

  script/generate blue_light_special
  script/generate delayed_job
  rake db:migrate
	
You'll also want to take a look at Blue Light Special's configuration options
in config/blue_light_special.yml.

== Tests

Blue Light Special can optionally generate integration tests that cover all
of its basic features.  These tests require {shoulda}[http://github.com/thoughtbot/shoulda],
{factory_girl}[http://github.com/thoughtbot/factory_girl], {webrat}[http://github.com/brynary/webrat],
and {fakeweb}[http://github.com/chrisk/fakeweb].  To install the tests:

  script/generate blue_light_special_tests
	
After the generator runs, you'll see  instructions for updating
test/test_helper.rb to include some helper methods that the tests require.
You can also use these helper methods in your own integration tests whenever
you need to sign a user in or out.

== Administration Interface

The final Blue Light Special generator builds a very simple administration
interface for your app.  This allows admins to manage and impersonate users,
and it can be used as a starting point for building a more elaborate admin
interface.  If you'd like to generate the admin interface, run:

  script/generate blue_light_special_admin
	
This will generate your user admin controller and its integration test.

== Mad Mimi

If you'd like an overview of Mad Mimi, check out the third part of
{this screencast}[http://railslab.newrelic.com/2009/10/23/episode-21-on-the-edge-part-3].
In order to get Blue Light Special working with Mad Mimi, you'll need to sign
up for an account at {madmimi.com}[http://madmimi.com/r/b8599b9343f82e3bc30984ca4f3fea3f].

Your Mad Mimi account needs API access, so be sure to enable that during the signup
process. The support people at Mad Mimi will manually authorize your account for
API access. This usually happens within a few hours after you've signed up. Until
your account is authorized, you'll see HTTP errors when your Rails app attempts to
send email.

After you've signed up and your API access has been approved, all you'll need to do is
put your Mad Mimi username and API key in config/blue_light_special.yml.

== Facebook Connect

To set up Facebook Connect, go to the {Facebook developer page}[http://facebook.com/developers]
and create a new Facebook app. Since you're only using this app for Facebook Connect,
you can leave most of the fields blank. Be sure to give your app a name, and then
head over to the Connect settings and set the Connect URL to point at your Rails app.
In the Advanced section, you'll need to set Email Domain to the domain from which you'll
be sending email messages.

After you've finished setting up your Facebook app, grab its API key and secret key
and put them in config/blue_light_special.yml.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Envy Labs LLC. See LICENSE for details.
